# AdyenHppJs.SkipDetailsResponse

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**authResult** | [**AuthResultType**](AuthResultType.md) |  | 
**pspReference** | **String** | Adyen&#39;s 16-digit unique reference associated with the transaction/the request. This value is globally unique; quote it when communicating with us about this request. | [optional] 
**merchantReference** | **String** | The reference you assigned to the original payment. | 
**skinCode** | **String** | The code that identifies the skin used to process the payment. | 
**merchantSig** | **String** | The signature in Base64 encoded format. The signature is generated by concatenating the values of a number of the payment session fields, and by computing the HMAC using the shared secret, as configured in the skin. | 
**paymentMethod** | **String** | The payment method used in the transaction. When authResult equals CANCELLED, the payment method may not be known – in this case, it is not included. | [optional] 
**shopperLocale** | **String** | The shopperLocale value provided in the payment request. If no value is specified in the request, the default value en_GB is returned. | 
**merchantReturnData** | **String** | If you define this field in the payment session setup, the value is returned as is. This information is useful to build a custom result page, and it integrates seamlessly with the shopper&#39;s session on your server.When the payment status is defined, we send you a server-to-server notification. This notification is the recommended way to update the payment status in your back office. The notification system is more reliable in its delivery because the  resultURL parameter relies on the shopper&#39;s browser/computer/Internet connection, any of which could fail at any time. We recommend setting a fixed resultURL in the skin configuration. However, sometimes it may be preferable to set the result URL on a per-payment basis to override the resultURL value specified in the skin configuration, you need to set the result URL for the payment session with the resURL parameter. | [optional] 
**additionalDataAcquirerReference** | **String** | This field is returned for open invoice in the result URL. | [optional] 


